doc: Fix dead link (#7490)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: Documentation/user-guides/monitoring-kubernetes-ingress.md

3. Route traffic to your application

>    You configure Ambassador to expose your application using [annotations](https://github.com/datawire/ambassador-docs/blob/a1e225b5f20346d1fb7e350a0b9aeb4101d56eae/reference/core/annotations.md#annotations) on the Kubernetes service of the application like the one below.

Reviewer: Hi @dongjiang1989 maybe use instead https://github.com/datawire/ambassador-docs/blob/rel/1.1.1/reference/core/annotations.md#annotations

Author: Thanks @heliapb 
Great

>    You configure Ambassador to expose your application using [annotations](https://github.com/datawire/ambassador-docs/blob/a1e225b5f20346d1fb7e350a0b9aeb4101d56eae/reference/core/annotations.md#annotations) on the Kubernetes service of the application like the one below.

Author: ```suggestion
   You configure Ambassador to expose your application using [annotations](https://github.com/datawire/ambassador-docs/blob/rel/1.1.1/reference/core/annotations.md#annotations) on the Kubernetes service of the application like the one below.
```
